h1. Cards (temporary name)

Cards wants to be a framework for building card games like Magic: The Gathering.

h2. Installation

*Simple usage*

If you just want to use the library, you can install the gem-version with: @gem install Soleone-cards --source http://gems.github.com@

Just remember that the library is at a _very_ early stage at this moment!

*Development*

If you want to work on the code, you need to clone this repository first with: @git clone git://github.com/Soleone/cards.git@

To run the tests you need the following gems installed:

* rspec: @gem install rspec@
* rcov: @gem install rcov@

After that you should be able to run the specs in the root folder with @rake@.

Try @rake -T@ to see a list of all available tasks.

h2. User Guide

A @Card@ can have a @name@, @type@, @description@, a subclass is @Creature@ (something to "put on the table").
You can inherit from the @Creature@ model to create monsters and people, etc.

Creatures include the @Fighting@ module, which gives them @power@, @defense@ and @health@
They can attack another creature and deal damage according to their power.
If a creature has 3 power and the other one 1 defense, then the other creature will loose 2 health.

*TODO*


h2. TODO

These things need to be done:

# -Summon Creatures-
# -Creatures can fight each other-
# -Creatures stay until killed-
# Rewrite MetaClass implementation (use class instance variable @attributes instead of @@attributes for easy value inheritance)
# Enchant creatures with temporary or permanent "spells"
# "Cast spells" that do something only once (like 2 damage to player)
# Try to be theme-agnostic could be either fantasy, science fiction or even reality-like